Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now this lecture got a look at how to increment the attributes value true method.
So there will be times when you want to increment and attribute value by a certain amount rather than
set an entirely new value.
So let's say we have our e-reader and we're on the Amazon Web site and we buy a new e-book.
So obviously our library count is going to go up by whatever number of books we've just bought.
So we have 50 books on our e-reader and we buy one Democrat 51 books on an e-reader or 52 or 53 depending
on how much or how many e-books we have just purchased.
So let's now create a method that allows us to pass this incremental amount and add that value to our
library count reading.
So let's create a method now.
So I have the code from our last lecture lecture in 93 I believe and let's say the F increment library
count because that's what we're doing we're in incrementing the amount of books in our library and we
have self as always we're going to be adding in a new primary here and that is going to be purchased
e-books because that's what we're doing we're buying new e-books.
Don't forget your code and like I just did.
There we go.
And our comment is that our new e-books e-books e-books to our library count that being how many books
Kindle shows that we have.
OK.
So what we do here when we say self and it's our library count are modifying So library count.
There we go.
Equals sorry plus equals because we're incrementing purchased e-books.
Now with that on what we do what we go down here and as we saw in the last lecture this piece of code
here sets our library count to 48.
So it means that Inari Kindle e-reader we have 48 books in our library but let's just say we just bought
five new e-books.
We can get a bit of a spending spree on Amazon and we just bought five new e-books.
How do we increment that using the method that we just created.
Well we'd say my new e-reader that increment so incremental library count and what we want to do what
we want incremental by five.
And then we want to put our new reed library count so my new e-reader same is just above that Reed library
count.
So nothing too new here brackets command and we run this.
There we go.
You have 48 books in your Kindle library which we did before we went on our spending spree.
And now we have 50 tree books in our Kindle library.
Now let's just recap our new method incremental library count and line tarty takes in a number of purchased
e-books and adds this value to self-taught library count I'd line 24.
As we've done all along.
We create a new instance of my new e-reader and we set that value to line 40.
We do an incremental library count and pass it the value 5.
So that means now after spending spree we have fifty three e-books which we can see in our output.
I hope that was easy and easy enough to understand and as always if you have any questions please do
not hesitate to contact me.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.